Make Jakob slightly less cartoonishly sociopathic (#7205)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/deep missions.txt

			`	"I am Jakob Forsyth, Vice Planetary-Governor of Nifel and CEO of Nifel-Research Solutions Incorporated, and the man sitting beside me is Henrik Fogel, Deputy Lieutenant-Sub-Director of the Census and Culture Bureau for The Deep. We've been monitoring you ever since you first arrived and became entangled with those sad, backwards, hill-witches." Jakob takes a sip from an elegant glass on the table.`
			choice
				`	"If you've been watching me, does that mean you knew about the Ice-Crawler accident and did nothing?"`

> 			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the infrastructure to support rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are only barely functional. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the infrastructure to support costly rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are only barely functional. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`
```

> 			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the infrastructure to support rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are only barely functional. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the infrastructure to support rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are just not cost effective any longer. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`
```

> 			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the infrastructure to support rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are only barely functional. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Of course I knew." Jakob answers. "It is my business to know. The only people who live here anymore are employees of my firm and those hill-witches." Holding up both hands in a placating gesture, he adds, "And I really am sorry we could not extract you from that avalanche. We don't have the resources allocated to support rescue missions anymore; various services, including emergency ones, are only barely functional. The whole operation on this planet is being shut down, you know. Not enough opportunity to make a profit left here. That's why it will be completely uninhabited within 50 years."`
```
